Imperial Army
Do you not know how to write the word death?
It's Wuya, how dare you hit me?
Don't you forget that the banquet is still in my hands
I could take your life
For his life?
I can say a word
Let you two night gods join my mother
Since your words can make me die
Why are you still looking for someone to assassinate me Muse
I'm not saying anything to you.
Why would I poison your grandfather?
You don't say
Don't slander me
I'm looking for you.
I'm looking for you just to make up for my regrets back then
Ahhh please
Please don't hit me
Shut him down now
I promise you ugly things
I really don't know anyone else.
What!
That's not possible.